# Signalbroker web client

HTTP server with static file serving and Core system websocket API.

The webserver used in thes project is [Cowboy](https://github.com/ninenines/cowboy).

# Prerequisites
## Signal Broker
The [signalbroker](https://github.com/volvo-cars/signalbroker-server) must be running.


```
iex -S mix
```
## Envoy
Envoy must be running and should be connected to the Signal Broker Server.
Check [readme](configuration/grpc_web/README.md) on how to get started.

# Run the gRPC front-end web client
Point your browser to [http://you_envoy_machine_ip:8080/](http://localhost:8080/). You will be notified that the Signal Broker Envoy is offline. This is because you need to specify the correct IP according to your configurations. Click the red field in the status bar at the bottom which reads "Signal Broker Envoy". Configure it by setting your Envoy IP, http://[your_envoy_server]:8081


# gRPC front-end web client configuration

If you want to customize the gRPC web client, follow these instructions.

1. See [readme libraryCompiler](libraryCompiler/README.md) to take the GRPC generated files and bundle them into a javascript library. You will need to run this again anytime you make changes to the GRPC files. Changes in the front-end (clientSource) might be needed as well if functions are added, removed, or renamed. DO NOT modify the generated files or the `api.js` file generated by webpack.
2. Then see [readme clientSource](clientSource/README.md) to configure the front-end web client built with VueJS which is preconfigured to use the library from step 1. The resulting production build can be hosted on a web server of your choice or you may prefer to use the development server by running `yarn serve`. If you intend to host the production version on `Cowboy`, then copy the generated `/dist` folder to `signalbroker-web-client/priv/` after running `yarn build`. Remember to point the web client to the correct Envoy IP.
3. You should now be able to point your browser to the webserver, select some frames and/or signals and see some charted traffic!

# Help us improve!

The front-end web client is in active development and would appreciate your feature suggestions or bug reports. File them as issues in this repository :)


# Websocket Web Client
A simpler but less capable option and predecesor to the gRPC client.

To access the *Websocket client* UI point your web browser to [http://localhost:8080/websocket_demo/web_car.html).
The controlls being displayed are hardcoded in a javascript file `service_client/priv/static_files/js/web_car.js`.

## Websocket API

For a working sample of how to use the code go to `priv/websocket_demo/js/web_car.js`.
More importantly, look at the *Websocket* section.
